14.2 Release Notes (#45)
gitkraken/gitlens-docs: gitlens/gitlens-release-notes-current.md

---

<a id="v14-2"></a>

## Version 14.2

#### Thursday, August 3, 2023

GitLens 14.2 arrives with a few hotly-requested improvements to the Focus View for even greater productivity in your daily workflow.

[Hero image]

## Focus View

The Focus View has been upgraded with a fresh look and includes a few new features to help you navigate pull requests and issues.

[Image showing old and new design]

> There are now tabs for pull requests, issues, and the new 'All' tab which combines the two for users who wish to see all their work items in a single list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are now tabs for pull requests, issues, and the new 'All' tab which combines the two for users who wish to see all their work items in a single list. Clicking on a branch name will show the branch on the Commit Graph.
```

[Image showing search feature]

> Furthermore, we've added a search bar to the Focus View to help you quickly find the work items you're looking for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, we've added a search bar to the Focus View to help you quickly find pull requests or issues by their title.
```
